Agile:Agile is a time boxed, iterative approach to SOFTWARE delivery that builds software incrementally from the start of the project, instead of trying to deliver it all at once near the end.
It works by breaking projects down into little bits of user functionality called user stories, prioritizing them, and then CONTINUOUSLY delivering them in short two week cycles called iterations.
When reality disagrees with their plans, Agilists find it easier to change their plans than reality

Waterfall: waterfall  methodology is a sequential design process. This means that as each of the eight stages (conception, initiation, analysis, design, construction, testing, implementation, and maintenance) are completed, the developers move on to the next step.

Project/Test management Tolls

Jira:JIRA is web BASED SOFTWARE primarily used for bug, issue tracking, and project management.

TestLink: This is most widely used web based open source test management tool. It integrates both requirements specification and Test specification together. User can create test projects and document test cases using this tool. We can create account for multiple users/testers and assign different user roles. Admin user can manage test cases assignment task.
With this tool the testers can generate Test Report and Test Plan Documents within a minute. 

Quality Center: QualityCenter is a Test Management toolto manage entire QUALITY ASSURANCE and testing process for an organization. Before being CALLED HP Quality center it used to be Mercury Test Director.

Version control: is the creation and management of multiple releases of a product, all of which have the same general function but are improved, upgraded or customized. The term APPLIES especially to operating systems (OSs), software and Web services.

Rational ClearQuest: ClearQuest is a change-request management tool that tracks and manages defects and change requests throughout the development process. With ClearQuest, you can manage every type of change activity associated with software development, including enhancement requests, defect reports, and documentation modifications.

Selenium IDE: Selenium IDE is SOFTWARE TESTING tool for web applications. It provides record and playback facility to regression test any web application. To useselenium IDE, It is not compulsory to have any PROGRAMMING language knowledge.

Selenium IDE is open source web application TESTING TOOL. Selenium IDE provides facility to export recorded script in many languages like HTML, Java, Ruby, RSpec, Python, C#, JUnit and TestNG.


Webdriver: Webdriver selenium  is an Interface and it is designed to overcome some limitations of selenium RC SOFTWARE TESTING TOOL. However selenium WebDriver's development is in process so still there are few limitations and known issues available in selenium WebDriver. Selenium WebDriver is also known as Selenium 2 and used for web as well mobile
applications testing. It is freeware SOFTWARE TESTING tool and mostly used as a regression testing tool for web and mobile applications.

QTP: QuickTest Professional, popularly known by its acronym QTP is an AUTOMATION TESTING tool originally from Mercury Interactive which was acquired by Hewlett Packard (HP) in 2006. QTP is primarily used for functional and regression automated testing. Using QTP, you can automate user actions on a web or client based computer application and test the same actions for different users, different data set, on various Windows OPERATING SYSTEMS and/or different browsers.